METAR Decoder Software Package Library



ABOUT THE MDSP LIBRARY

The MDSP Library provides a programmer with two functions, the major one
being DcdMETAR, which decodes a METAR into structures provided by the
library. Also prtDMETR, which prints out a decoded METAR structure.

The MDSP was written by Carl McCalla and released to the public by the
US National Weather Service. The MDSP Library is the original MDSP
modified to compile and run on *NIX systems.

Please read the file README.MDSP included in this package. It's the
README that comes with the original MDSP from the NWS. You must read the
LICENSE before using this program (it's the LGPL).



COMPILING

Switch into the mdsplib directory and run "make". If you also want the
test program to be produced, run "make dmetar" instead. Both commands
will produce "metar.a". This is the library. The header file for this
library is "metar.h". The test application will be named "dmetar", it
takes no parameters.



USING

Copy the header file "metar.h" and the library "metar.a" into your
project's directory. Include "metar.h", and use the functions and
structures as defined in that file. Or do a "make install" as root, and
it will install the library in /usr/local/lib and the header in
/usr/local/include.


FLIGHTAWARE

FlightAware has made a few bug fixes and/or improvements
to MDPSLIB over the years.  As the sourceforge project that's reported
to be its home seems pretty inactive and isn't configured to receive
bug reports or patches, and as we're using git internally, making it 
ever so easy to put this repo on github, we've done that.


ORIGINAL CONTACT

If you find any bugs/errors or otherwise have questions about the MDSP
Library let me know. I'd also welcome any changes and additions to the
code.

Eric McCarthy <eric@limulus.net>


